hey everybody I'm Louie from JA from how
many motorcycle gear experts today we're
taking a closer look at the Olympia air
glide for mesh tech motorcycle riding
jacket available at Jeff from car this
air Glide jacket from Olympia is one of
the most versatile jackets and
motorcycling it's also one of the
highest quality jackets for the money
now all of the materials used in its
construction are the name-brand versions
not cheap copies 500 denier DuPont
Cordura nylon is used in the high impact
areas not an imitation or poly base and
a Velcro velcro not hook and loop the
elastic is elastic and the zips are all
authentic YKK now this jacket is
available in a huge size range from
small to 4 XL and in 4 colorways
including this pewter and black and see
the colorways in greater detail check
out the high-res photos on our listing
now one of the most important features
of a multi-season mesh jacket is
adjustability and the jacket should fit
snugly regardless of whether or not the
liners are installed or the wearer is
wearing base layers now olympia refers
to this adjustability as custom fit
detailing the waist has very long
adjusting straps that cover elastic
panels this combination of features
allows the waist of the jacket to expand
or be reduced depending on the need and
there are also these snap straps on the
back and this is a very handy feature
for reducing buffeting with the liners
removed the sleeves are also adjustable
with these velcro adjusters and these
straps are also very long and promoting
a very wide range of adjustment for the
sleeve another highly important feature
for a riding jacket is protection
there isn't much need in wearing a
riding jacket if it doesn't protect you
now this air glide jacket features seee
rated motion flex armor in the shoulders
elbows and back and this arm is unique
and that it's fully articulated even in
the shoulders and elbows and this makes
the armor very flexible and therefore
comfortable in many different riding
positions the jackets also heavily
covered in 3m scotchlite reflective
piping to keep you visible in low-light
conditions
Olimpia has also added an 8 inch zipper
tendon for attaching a pair of riding
pants or these loops for attaching the
jacket to a belt
storage on the shell is found on the
chest in the form of these zippered
pockets and at the belly with these
two additional pockets now all of these
pockets features zipper garage that
allow you to hide the zippers pull tab
that keeps the pocket from coming open
unintentionally if you open the main
zipper closure you can see an additional
interior zippered pocket and the closure
for the removable dual stage jacket
liner this highly sophisticated liner is
made of waterproof ripstop nylon and can
be worn by itself as a waterproof jacket
now this is another area of the jacket
where kevin the designer is paid great
attention to detail I can't even tell
you how many waterproof liners are out
there that aren't actually waterproof
because of the zippers and this jacket
is actually wind and waterproof you can
see the main closure zips and the pocket
zips on the liner are laser-cut and are
therefore gonna keep the water out and
you dry now if you open the jacket liner
you can see the removable quilted
thermal liner the thermal white liner
does an amazing job of keeping the heat
in and it's the reason this jacket can
be worn nearly all four seasons but the
thermal liner also features an
additional pocket for added storage the
last elements I want to look at today
are the jackets openings now as we zip
the line of closure back up you can see
that the collar is lined with microfiber
and this material is highly moisture
absorbent and feels soft against your
skin
now the collar of the shell is also
lined with a neoprene band around on
warmer days when you want to keep the
collar open you can fasten the collar
flap out of the way using the velcro pad
now finally if we take a look at the
cuffs and sleeves you can see that they
are also Comfort lined with microfiber
with an extra large gusset and a a
Velcro adjuster strip the olympia air
glide for mesh tec motorcycle riding
jacket is an excellent choice riders on
all types of bikes looking for a very
high-quality and versatile jacket for
nearly all riding initials thanks for
taking a closer look to see more from
Olympia subscribe to Jack from on
youtube or click the link below to go to
our website if you have questions leave
us a comment click the live chat icon or
give us a call at one eight seventy
seven go helmet like us on Facebook for
daily deals and rider news and remember
when it comes to our customers will ride
the extra month of Louie we'll see you
next time
you